Hello Cloud Gurus!
We're continuing our run through the TerramEarth case study
at the solution concept.
There are 20 million TerramEarth vehicles
in operation that collect 120 fields of data per second.
So now we're getting a bit of information about the scope.
Now these two pieces of information here
are actually quite different.
If you think about the 20 million TerramEarth vehicles
that are currently in operation right now,
what would it take for that to scale 10 times?
How would you go from 20 million vehicles
to 200 million vehicles?
That would take a lot of stuff happening in the real world.
Honest-to-goodness, physical machines would have to be built
and sold and delivered and put into use.
That 20 million number is definitely
going to go up over time if TerramEarth
is successful but it's not going to double overnight.
The 120 fields of data per second,
now that's a little bit different.
What would it take for that to go up 10 times?
Well, given that I don't know anything
about the hardware out there,
what would happen if it just took measurements
10 times per second instead of once per second?
The amount of data that we're getting
from a particular vehicle definitely
has the possibility of changing much more quickly.
Now, it might be the case that that's actually impossible
because the hardware that's actually sitting
on those vehicles is incapable of collecting
or sending the data any faster.
But even with something like that,
you could potentially imagine
attaching a new piece of equipment
to the existing 20 million vehicles
and that would take a lot less work
than actually sending out 20 million new vehicles, right?
Anyway, let's keep reading.
Data is stored locally on the vehicle
and can be accessed for analysis when a vehicle is serviced.
Okay, so here we see that the data
is actually stuck on those vehicles for now
but it's important information
when something goes wrong
or maybe when some preventative maintenance is happening.
It continues on.
The data is downloaded via a maintenance port.
This same port can be used to adjust operational parameters,
allowing the vehicles to be upgraded
in the field with new computing modules.
So the first question I have when I read this
is what do they mean by computing module?
I mean the first thing that I would think of
was some piece of hardware that does computing,
a module that they might attach to the vehicle.
But the way this sentence is written confuses me a bit.
The way I read it, they're trying to say
that by adjusting these operational parameters,
that's how you can upgrade them with new computing modules.
So does that mean then
that these are software computing modules?
Something that will run on the computer
that's in the vehicle?
I'm not entirely sure, actually,
so I'd want to keep an open mind
about both of these possibilities.
Let's continue on.
Approximately 200,000 vehicles are connected
to a cellular network,
allowing TerramEarth to collect data directly.
At a rate of 120 fields of data per second,
with 22 hours of operation per day.
Whoa, wait.
Really?
22 hours of operation per day?
I told you I didn't really know mining and agriculture
but they're certainly using these machines
a lot more than I expected.
In any case, apparently this means
that TerramEarth collects a total
of about nine terabytes a day from these connected vehicles.
Now, okay, here we have some concrete data.
At first I didn't know how big
one of these fields of data was going to be
but now we have all the numbers we need,
so we can figure it out.
So nine terabytes total per day divided by 200,000 vehicles
means that each vehicle is producing
about 45 megabytes of data a day.
That makes it about two megabytes per hour,
34 kilobytes per minute.
And so if my calculations are correct,
568 bytes per second,
divide that through by the 120 fields,
and it looks like each field
is about four to five bytes on average.
Well I'm not sure that we're going
to wind up using this particular number,
4.73 bytes per field,
but it gives me a bit of a sense
for what this thing is doing.
I start imagining the things that it might be measuring.
Is it maybe measuring the temperature in the air?
Or maybe the temperature of the ground?
Is that might be different?
Could it maybe be measuring the color of the soil?
Is that something that might be useful?
It's probably also measuring a whole bunch of things
about the machine itself, right?
Engine temperature and pressure,
the RPMs that it's turning,
the vehicle itself, how quickly it's moving.
Oh, and probably GPS coordinates
of the vehicle as well, right?
You would want to know exactly where it was
when it took these different measurements, right?
I'm sure there's some time data
to synchronize everything,
probably measurements about the different things
that are attached to the vehicles,
like how much fertilizer might be in a tank
or which nozzles are turned on
or which drills are running or who knows what?
Like I said, this isn't my field, right?
I'm just trying to come up with some ideas
of how this might work,
but still keeping an open mind
that I could be totally wrong, of course.
Well, in any case I think that's useful
but let's move on to the existing technical environment,
so please join me in the next lecture for that.